SEO (Search Engine Optimisation) Training in Galway
We offer customised SEO training to ensure your website is rising the ranks in Google and staying at the top. You’ll be taught best SEO practices to continuously promote and improve your website’s Google ranking. We are based in Salthill, Co. Galway but would be happy to travel to your office.

 

Reviewing your current website
We’ll start by reviewing your current website to determine what sections are doing well, what improvements can be made and to identify any areas which could be causing problems.

 

URLs, image ALT tags and meta descriptions
After reviewing your website we need to prepare the WordPress admin for the SEO content that you will add. An SEO plugin will be added directly into your website’s WordPress admin area thus allowing you to add in meta descriptions, titles and meta keywords. We’ll also tidy up your website’s URLs, permalinks, and ensure that all images follow a strict keyword-full naming convention. Don’t worry if any of this sounds overwhelming or outside of your capabilities, we’ll be here to guide you effortlessly through the entire process.

 

Content Writing
Writing keyword-rich content and updating it on a regular basis is a key factor in SEO. We’ll start by defining your top five keywords and from there we’ll give you our advice on how to inject theses keywords into your website with best SEO practices in mind.

 

Google Analytics
You’ll set up a Google Analytics account and from there you’ll be able to monitor your website’s performance including where your website visitors come from, whether they are using a desktop computer, tablet or mobile device, the keywords they have used to find your website, the number of visitors your website has had and much more.

 

Google Places
Having a professional website that your customers can trust is essential and creating a Google Places account will only strengthen your brand. A Google Places account will also allow your website to stand out on a Google search and to show your business location on Google Maps.

 

Social Media Integration
Having a social media presence is vital for a website in order to stay current and provide the information that your visitors will expect. A social plugin will be added directly into your website’s WordPress admin area. This will add share and like buttons to all of the content on your website. Shared content will link back to your website and increase your website’s popularity. You’ll also be able to add links to your social accounts so that your visitors can keep up-to-date on your current news.

 

Blog
A blog can play an important role in SEO if updated regularly. Your keyword-rich content doesn’t have to stop on your website’s pages. Having enticing blog posts that contain your keywords will constantly improve your SEO. Blog posts can be automatically added to your Facebook, Twitter and Google Plus pages so that all of your web presences are up-to-date.

 

Submitting site to Google & Creating a Sitemap
At the end of the session you’ll also be able to create a sitemap and submit the website to Google.